Update pull request template to add more information (#5199)
home-assistant/android: .github/pull_request_template.md

    Please, complete the following sections to help the processing and review of your changes.
    Please, DO NOT DELETE ANY TEXT from this template! (unless instructed).

    Thank you for submitting a Pull Request and helping to improve Home Assistant. You are amazing!
-->

## Summary
<!--
    Provide a brief summary of the changes you have made and most importantly what they aim to achieve.
    Don't forget any links that could be useful to the reader. (Github issues, PRs, documentation, articles, ...)

    * What was the motivation behind this change?
    * What is the impact of the changes on the application?
-->

## Checklist
<!--
    Put an `x` in the boxes that apply. You can also fill these out after
    creating the PR. If you're unsure about any of them, don't hesitate to ask.
    We're here to help! This is simply a reminder of what we are going to look
    for before merging your code.
-->

- [ ] New or updated tests have been added to cover the changes following the testing [guidelines](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/android/testing/introduction).

> - [ ] The code follows the project's [code style](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/android/codestyle) and [best_practices].(https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/android/best_practices).

Reviewer: The second link is broken

Author: All the links are broken until the doc PR is merged.

Author: Good catch 👍🏻

- [ ] The changes have been thoroughly tested, and edge cases have been considered.

> - [ ] The changes are backward compatible or any compatibility break is documented with previous versions of Home Assistant Core.

Author: How do you want to reflect that in the checklist?

> - [ ] The changes are backward compatible or any compatibility break is documented with previous versions of Home Assistant Core.

Reviewer: I'm not completely sure what you expect with "is documented with previous versions of Home Assistant Core", but would suggest applying the measure for any breaking change.

> - [ ] The changes are backward compatible or any compatibility break is documented with previous versions of Home Assistant Core.

Reviewer: Okay... Still having a hard time seeing how that would work with a change in app behavior that does not depend on the server version. And if you check against a server version that suggests it isn't (always) breaking.

Simply saying backward compatible if possible or documented breaking change (which we can then communicate in a changelog, blogpost, ...) would be enough in my opinion.

> - [ ] The changes are backward compatible or any compatibility break is documented with previous versions of Home Assistant Core.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Changes are backward compatible whenever feasible. Any breaking changes are documented in the changelog for users and/or in the code for developers depending on the relevance.
```

Would it make more sense?

## Screenshots
<!--
    If this is a user-facing change not in the frontend, please include screenshots in light and dark mode.

    Note: Remove this section if there are no screenshots.
-->

## Link to pull request in documentation repositories
<!-- 

>     This pull request introduces, changes, or removes user-facing functionality.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can merge this comment block and the next one, and end with two places to link documentation, similar to how the Home Assistant Core PR template has one big section to link to other PRs (like docs). They are both about docs and the text is 90% the same. What do you think?

Author: I though about it while writing it. I took this approach thinking it would be more explicit for ppl that it might need 2 PRs.
I'm not fully convince about this but since the comments is hidden I think we could try like this for a while.

    A corresponding update to the Companion App documentation in the documentation repository (https://github.com/home-assistant/companion.home-assistant) is required.

    Instructions:
    1. Create a pull request in the documentation repository.
    2. Add the documentation pull request number after the "#" below.

>     3. Add the `<span class='beta'>BETA</span> ` flag in the documentation to mark it as such.

Reviewer: Wouldn't it make more sense to add this to the docs PR template?

Author: It could be in both actually that's a good point.

Reviewer: So where is it? You added a template but nothing about marking things as beta in the text.

Author: It is https://github.com/home-assistant/companion.home-assistant/blob/eb5d3a0e7bac20277d7dfe4df419e7a9daf531fb/.github/pull_request_template.md?plain=1#L11

>     Note: Remove this section if there are no PR.

Reviewer: > if there are no PR

That should be "if there are no PRs" or "if there is no PR" (or: "if no documentation is added or updated").

-->
User Documentation: home-assistant/companion.home-assistant#

<!-- 
    This pull request introduces, changes, or removes developer-facing functionality.
    A corresponding update to the Developer documentation in the documentation repository (https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant) is required.

    Instructions:
    1. Create a pull request in the documentation repository.
    2. Add the documentation pull request number after the "#" below.

    Note: Remove this section if there are no PR.
-->

> Developer Documentation: home-assistant/developers.home-assistant#

Reviewer 2: This depends on your another PR right? Or if that got merged, disregard my comment

Author: This PR needs to be merged after the documentation indeed.
